updated-installation-guidelines (#1034)
ColoredCow/portal: docs/installation.md

## Installation Guidelines :rocket:

> Before you start following the guidelines, make sure to go through the [prerequisites](./docs/prerequisites.md) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start following the guidelines, make sure to go through the [prerequisites guide](./docs/prerequisites.md) to install the required tools and packages on your machine.
```

> 0. Navigate to the right diretory where your project will be locally saved
>     - For WAMP: `C:\wamp64\www\`
>     - For XAMPP: `C:/xampp/htdocs/`
>     - For MAMP(Mac OS): `/Application/MAMP/htdocs/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the right diretory where your project will be locally saved
    - For WAMP: 
        ```sh
        cd C:\wamp64\www\
        ```
    - For XAMPP: 
        ```sh
        cd C:/xampp/htdocs/
        ```
    - For MAMP(Mac OS): 
        ```sh
        cd /Application/MAMP/htdocs/
        ```
```

Reviewer: Also, what's the difference between backslash `\` and forward slash `/` here in the directory names? Do they work differently?

Author: For MAMP, it is different, rest of the two OSes use a similar kind of slash i.e; backslash \

1. Clone this repository and move to `portal` directory
   ```sh

>    git clone git clone https://github.com/coloredcow/portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   git clone https://github.com/coloredcow/portal
```

   ```

> 4. Copy and paste `.env.example` file as `.env` file there itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Make a copy of the `.env.example` file in the same directory and save it as `.env`:
```

     ```sh
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

> 5. Run the following command to add a key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the following command to add the Laravel application key:
```

    ```

    2. Database configurations

>      Make sure you have a database created in your local server. For more info check this [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9yJR_ZJbvI&ab_channel=1BestCsharpblog)(skip to 0:21) for creating an empty database and this [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4geOENi3--M)(relevant timestamp periods : 2:00-2:42 & 4:20-5:40) to continue with the database configuration.

Reviewer: ```
2. Database configurations
    - Create a database in your local server. Check out [this link](URL) and skip to 0:21.
    - Configure your Laravel app with the right DB settings. Check out [this link](URL). Relevant parts are 2:00-2:42 and 4:20-5:40.
```

    ```sh
    DB_CONNECTION=mysql
    DB_HOST=127.0.0.1
    DB_PORT=3306

>     DB_DATABASE=homestead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    DB_DATABASE=portal
```

            ```
        - Restart XAMPP. Next, open this url in your browser: http://portal.test
    

>     3. For MAMP(Mac OS):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. For MAMP(macOS):
```
